c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Teknik.Entity.dll.config
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Teknik.Entity.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Teknik.Entity.pdb
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\obj\Debug\Teknik.Entity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\obj\Debug\Teknik.Entity.dll
c:\users\wissen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\obj\Debug\Teknik.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Teknik.Entity.dll.config
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Teknik.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Teknik.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\obj\Debug\Teknik.Entity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\obj\Debug\Teknik.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Asus\Desktop\TeknikServis\Teknik.Entity\obj\Debug\Teknik.Entity.pdb
